content/pages/about.md, before:

---
title: "About Driftwell Plumbing"
description: "Learn about our experienced team and commitment to quality plumbing services in Kelowna and the Okanagan."
slug: "about"
pageType: "about"
heroTitle: "About Driftwell Plumbing"
heroSubtitle: "Your trusted plumbing experts in Kelowna and the Okanagan region."
seo:
  metaTitle: "About Driftwell Plumbing - Professional Services in Kelowna"
  metaDescription: "Learn about our experienced team and commitment to quality plumbing services in Kelowna and the Okanagan."
---

# About Driftwell Plumbing

Driftwell Contracting is your licensed and insured plumbing company serving Kelowna and the Okanagan region. We deliver high-quality plumbing solutions for residential and commercial clients, offering fair pricing and honest service on every job.

## Our Story

Founded with a commitment to excellence, Driftwell Plumbing has been serving the Kelowna and Okanagan communities with professional plumbing services. Our experienced team handles everything from emergency repairs and leak detection to full bathroom and kitchen renovations.

## Our Team

Our skilled plumbers are:
- **Licensed & Insured**: Fully certified professionals you can trust
- **Experienced**: Years of experience in residential and commercial plumbing
- **Reliable**: Available 24/7 for emergency services
- **Honest**: Transparent pricing with no hidden fees

## Our Commitment

- **24/7 Emergency Service**: Available when you need us most
- **Fair Pricing**: Transparent, honest pricing for all services
- **Quality Workmanship**: Attention to detail in every project
- **Customer Satisfaction**: Your satisfaction is our priority

## Service Areas

We proudly serve:
- Kelowna
- West Kelowna
- Lake Country
- Peachland
- Summerland
- Penticton
- And surrounding Okanagan communities

## Why Choose Driftwell?

When you choose Driftwell Plumbing, you're choosing:
- Professional service from licensed experts
- Emergency availability 24/7
- Fair, transparent pricing
- Quality workmanship guaranteed
- Local knowledge of Kelowna and the Okanagan

Contact us today to experience the Driftwell difference!

Commit message:

Fix Tina CMS visual editor - implement block-based schema
- Updated Tina config to use blocks instead of individual fields
- Added visualSelector: true to enable drag-and-drop visual editor
- Created 6 block templates: Hero, Text Block, Services, Image with Text, Contact Form, CTA
- Converted content files to use new block structure
- Updated page rendering component to handle block-based content
- Fixed TypeScript errors and import issues
- Now supports visual editing with drag-and-drop blocks instead of form fields

content/pages/about.md, after:

---
title: "About Driftwell Plumbing"
description: "Learn about our experienced team and commitment to quality plumbing services in Kelowna and the Okanagan."
slug: "about"
pageType: "about"
seo:
  metaTitle: "About Driftwell Plumbing - Professional Services in Kelowna"
  metaDescription: "Learn about our experienced team and commitment to quality plumbing services in Kelowna and the Okanagan."
blocks:
  - hero:
      title: "About Driftwell Plumbing"
      subtitle: "Your trusted plumbing experts in Kelowna and the Okanagan region."
  - textBlock:
      title: "Our Story"
      content: "<p>Founded with a commitment to excellence, Driftwell Plumbing has been serving the Kelowna and Okanagan communities with professional plumbing services. Our experienced team handles everything from emergency repairs and leak detection to full bathroom and kitchen renovations.</p>"
  - textBlock:
      title: "Our Team"
      content: "<p>Our skilled plumbers are:</p><ul><li><strong>Licensed & Insured</strong>: Fully certified professionals you can trust</li><li><strong>Experienced</strong>: Years of experience in residential and commercial plumbing</li><li><strong>Reliable</strong>: Available 24/7 for emergency services</li><li><strong>Honest</strong>: Transparent pricing with no hidden fees</li></ul>"
  - textBlock:
      title: "Our Commitment"
      content: "<ul><li><strong>24/7 Emergency Service</strong>: Available when you need us most</li><li><strong>Fair Pricing</strong>: Transparent, honest pricing for all services</li><li><strong>Quality Workmanship</strong>: Attention to detail in every project</li><li><strong>Customer Satisfaction</strong>: Your satisfaction is our priority</li></ul>"
  - textBlock:
      title: "Service Areas"
      content: "<p>We proudly serve:</p><ul><li>Kelowna</li><li>West Kelowna</li><li>Lake Country</li><li>Peachland</li><li>Summerland</li><li>Penticton</li><li>And surrounding Okanagan communities</li></ul>"
  - textBlock:
      title: "Why Choose Driftwell?"
      content: "<p>When you choose Driftwell Plumbing, you're choosing:</p><ul><li>Professional service from licensed experts</li><li>Emergency availability 24/7</li><li>Fair, transparent pricing</li><li>Quality workmanship guaranteed</li><li>Local knowledge of Kelowna and the Okanagan</li></ul><p>Contact us today to experience the Driftwell difference!</p>"
---

# About Driftwell Plumbing

Driftwell Contracting is your licensed and insured plumbing company serving Kelowna and the Okanagan region. We deliver high-quality plumbing solutions for residential and commercial clients, offering fair pricing and honest service on every job.

## Our Story

Founded with a commitment to excellence, Driftwell Plumbing has been serving the Kelowna and Okanagan communities with professional plumbing services. Our experienced team handles everything from emergency repairs and leak detection to full bathroom and kitchen renovations.

## Our Team

Our skilled plumbers are:
- **Licensed & Insured**: Fully certified professionals you can trust
- **Experienced**: Years of experience in residential and commercial plumbing
- **Reliable**: Available 24/7 for emergency services
- **Honest**: Transparent pricing with no hidden fees

## Our Commitment

- **24/7 Emergency Service**: Available when you need us most
- **Fair Pricing**: Transparent, honest pricing for all services
- **Quality Workmanship**: Attention to detail in every project
- **Customer Satisfaction**: Your satisfaction is our priority

## Service Areas

We proudly serve:
- Kelowna
- West Kelowna
- Lake Country
- Peachland
- Summerland
- Penticton
- And surrounding Okanagan communities

## Why Choose Driftwell?

When you choose Driftwell Plumbing, you're choosing:
- Professional service from licensed experts
- Emergency availability 24/7
- Fair, transparent pricing
- Quality workmanship guaranteed
- Local knowledge of Kelowna and the Okanagan

Contact us today to experience the Driftwell difference!
